git-cheatsheet.md, before:

git switch -c <branchname> create a new branch and switch to it
git switch <branchname> switch branches
git branch list your branches
git branch -a list all branches (local and remote)
git branch -d <branchname> delete a branch
git push -push content of branch to github

Basic Shell commands
command functionality
ls list the content of the current directory
cd <foldername> change directory into a folder
cd .. change into the parent folder
cd ~ change into your home directory
pwd print the current directory path
touch example.md create a file called "example.md"
mkdir newFolder create a folder called "newFolder"
mv <oldname> <newname> move or rename a file
rm <filename> delete a file permanently (there is no trash bin to recover files!)
open . open the current folder in the finder
cat <filename> prints the content of a specific file
curl <url> prints the received content from the specified url. (try curl ipinfo.io)
git log --oneline It creates a history of your last commits without more information

command s to save

Commit message:

added timeline for how to push commits from Visual Studio to github

git-cheatsheet.md, after:

git switch -c <branchname> create a new branch and switch to it
git switch <branchname> switch branches
git branch list your branches
git branch -a list all branches (local and remote)
git branch -d <branchname> delete a branch
git push -push content of branch to github

Add commits in Terminal/Visual Studio
Add text in Visual Studio
command s to save
git add . to add commit
git commit -m "description" adds commit description
git push -pushes to github
then merge in github.com under "pull requests"

Basic Shell commands
command functionality
ls list the content of the current directory
cd <foldername> change directory into a folder
cd .. change into the parent folder
cd ~ change into your home directory
pwd print the current directory path
touch example.md create a file called "example.md"
mkdir newFolder create a folder called "newFolder"
mv <oldname> <newname> move or rename a file
rm <filename> delete a file permanently (there is no trash bin to recover files!)
open . open the current folder in the finder
cat <filename> prints the content of a specific file
curl <url> prints the received content from the specified url. (try curl ipinfo.io)
git log --oneline It creates a history of your last commits without more information
